W-15532639-content-audit-api-m-cli-4-fa (#228)
mulesoft/docs-anypoint-cli: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/api-mgr.adoc

This command lists the autodiscovery properties required for a gateway to track the API Instance Id passed in `<apiInstanceId>`.

In addition to the default flag `--help`, this command accepts the following flags:

[%header%autowidth.spread,cols="a,a,a"]
|===
|Flag |Description |Example

> |`--gatewayVersion` | Specifies the gateway version to download | `--gatewayVersion 4.0.1  643404 /tmp/``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`--gatewayVersion` | Specifies the gateway version to download | `--gatewayVersion 4.0.1  643404 /tmp/`
```

> api-mgr:api:delete [flags] <apiInstanceId>
----

> Deletes the API instance passed in `<apiInstanceId>`. If the API instance is deployed, this command undeploys the API instance before deleting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deletes the API instance passed in `<apiInstanceId>`. If the API instance is deployed, this command undeploys the API instance before deleting it.
```

> api-mgr:api:deploy [flags] <apiInstanceId>
----

> Deploys the API instance passed in '<apiInstanceId>' to the deployment target specified using the flags described below. Deploy any undeployed API using this command regardless of if it was created using the API Manager CLI or API Manger UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploys the API instance passed in '<apiInstanceId>' to the deployment target specified using the flags described next. Deploy any undeployed API using this command regardless of whether it was created using the API Manager CLI or API Manager UI.
```

| Outbound TLS Context ID. +
Supply the `--outboundSecretGroupId` of the TLS Context's secret group. To remove a TLS Context, apply the flag with the following value: `--outboundTlsContextId "null"`. | `--outboundTlsContextId 1fec0a49-1551-4199-bfcc-cf0352d0f29d`

| `--path`
| Proxy path (required)| `--path /http://localhost:3000`

| `--port`
| Proxy port (required) | `--port 8080`

| `--providerId`
| Client Identity Provider Id that the API is associated with +
Default is Anypoint Platform Client Provider | `--providerId 1787c36ab544466698e380131040faad`

| `--responseTimeout`
| Maximum response timeout(required) | `--responseTimeout 10`

| `--scheme`
| Proxy scheme (required) +
Supported values: `http`, `https`. | `--scheme http`

| `--serviceName`
| WSDL service name +
Flex Gateway does not support this flag | `--serviceName ExampleServerName`

| `--serviceNamespace`
| WSDL service namespace. Flex Gateway does not support this flag. |`--serviceNamespace exampleServiceName`

| `--servicePort`
| WSDL service port +
 Flex Gateway does not support this flag | `--servicePort 443`

| `--type`
| Endpoint type +
Supported options: `http`, `raml`, `wsdl` | `--type http`

| `--uri`

> | Implementation URI. | `--uri /udp://localhost:65432`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Implementation URI | `--uri /udp://localhost:65432`
```

Applies the policy passed in `<policyId>` to the API instance passed in `<apiInstanceId>`.

In addition to the default flag `--help`, this command accepts the following flags:

[%header%autowidth.spread,cols="a,a,a"]
|===
|Flag |Description| Example
| `-c, --config` 
| Pass the configuration data as a JSON string |

> `--config '{\"username\":\"user\",\"password\":\"teste\"}'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`--config '{\"username\":\"user\",\"password\":\"teste\"}'`
```

| `--configFile`
| Pass the configuration data as a file |
`--configFile ./config.json`

| `--groupId`
| Mule 4 policy group ID +

> If no value is provided, this value defaults to MuleSoft group ID | `--groupId 1fec0a49-1551-4199-bfcc-cf0352d0f29d`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This value defaults to the MuleSoft group ID. | `--groupId 1fec0a49-1551-4199-bfcc-cf0352d0f29d`
```

> api-mgr:policy:describe [flags] <policyId>
----

Shows the description and available base configuration properties of the policy name passed in `<policyId>`. +

In addition to the default flag `--help`, this command accepts the following flags:

[%header%autowidth.spread,cols="a,a,a"]
|===
|Flag |Description| Example

| `--groupId`
| Mule 4 policy group ID 

> Defaults to the MuleSoft group ID when a value is not provided | `--groupId 1fec0a49-1551-4199-bfcc-cf0352d0f29d`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
Defaults to the MuleSoft group ID. | `--groupId 1fec0a49-1551-4199-bfcc-cf0352d0f29d`
```

| `--policyVersion`
| Mule 4 policy version | `--policyVersion 1.0.2`
| `--output` | Specifies the response format +

> Supported values are `table` (default) and `json` | `--output json`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Supported values are `table` (default) and `json`. | `--output json`
```

> api-mgr:policy:list [flags] [apiInstanceId]
----

Lists all policies for all APIs in API Manager 2.x. +

> When the `--apiInstanceId` flag is specified, this command lists the policies applied to that API instance. Not specifying the `--apiInstanceId` will list all policies for all APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify the `--apiInstanceId` flag to list the policies applied to that API instance. Without the `--apiInstanceId` flag, the command lists all policies for all APIs.
```

This command creates an SLA tier for the API instance passed in `<apiInstanceId>`.

In addition to the default flag `--help`, this command accepts the following flags:

[%header%autowidth.spread,cols="a,a,a"]
|===
|Flag |Description| Example
| `-a, --autoApprove`
| Indicates whether the SAL tier should be auto-approved +
Include the flag to enable it | `--autoApprove`

| `--name`

> | Tier name. |`--name muleSLAtier`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Tier name |`--name muleSLAtier`
```

| `--description`

> | Tier description. | `--description tier example description`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Tier description | `--description tier example description`
```

> api-mgr:tier:copy [flags] <sourceAPIInstanceId> <targetAPIInstanceId>
----

Copies the SLA tier from the API instance passed in `<sourceAPIInstanceId>` to the API instance Id passed in `<targetAPIInstanceId>`.

> This command accepts the default `--help`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command accepts the default flag `--help`.
```

This command deletes the SLA tier passed in `<tierId>` from API instance passed in `<apiInstanceId>`.

> This command accepts the default `--help`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command accepts the default flag `--help`.
```
